---
title: Order details
---
{{ noparse }}

Outputs details about the order just placed.

    {{ bison:order_details }}

### Tag pairs
`items`
: Loops through the order items.

### Variables

`order_id`
: The unique order ID hash. This is part of the filename and is what you'd use to reference the order in your payment gateway.

`title`
: The title of your order. This would be something like `Order #1` where the number is sequential. This is used in the control panel.

`subtotal`
: Outputs the total cost of _just_ the products purchased. (Excluding tax and shipping)

`shipping`
: Outputs the shipping cost.

`tax`
: Outputs the tax cost.

`total`
: Outputs the total order cost. Includes items, taxes, shipping.

`quantity`
: How many had been purchased.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`price`
: Price of the item with any price modifiers applied.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`subtotal`
: The line total. (price x quantity)  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`entry`
: This gives you access to any of the product entry’s fields.
You could access a field named `sku` by using `entry.sku`.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`item_option`
: If the purchased product had a product modifier applied, this will return the name of it.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`item_option_modifier`
: If the purchased product had a product modifier applied, this will return the price modifier dollar value.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`product_price`
: This will return the base price of the product.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`index`
: The iteration of the product in the cart.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`zero_index`
: The zero-based index.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`first`
: Returns true if it is the first item.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`last`
: Returns true if it is the last item.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`total_results`
: Total items in the order.  
<small>Available inside the `items` tag pair.</small>

`no_results`
: If the order is empty, this will return true.

Customer data
:   You can output any of the standard customer data fields captured at or before checkout.

    * `{{ first_name }}`
    * `{{ last_name }}`
    * `{{ email }}`
    * `{{ billing_address }}`
    * `{{ billing_address2 }}`
    * `{{ billing_city }}`
    * `{{ billing_state }}`
    * `{{ billing_zip }}`
    * `{{ billing_country }}`
    * `{{ shipping_first_name }}`
    * `{{ shipping_last_name }}`
    * `{{ shipping_address }}`
    * `{{ shipping_address2 }}`
    * `{{ shipping_city }}`
    * `{{ shipping_state }}`
    * `{{ shipping_zip }}`
    * `{{ shipping_country }}`
    * `{{ tax_number }}`
    * `{{ custom_data:field_name }}`

### Example
~~~
{{ bison:order_details }}
  {{ if no_results }}
    <p>You have not placed an order.</p>
  {{ else }}
    <p>Billed to: {{ first_name }}<br />
    Shipping to: {{ shipping_first_name }}</p>
    <p>Items:</p>
    <ul>
      {{ items }}
        <li>{{ quantity }} x {{ title }} at {{ price }}/each = {{ subtotal }}</li>
      {{ /items }}
    </ul>
    <p>Subtotal: {{ subtotal }}<br />
    Shipping: {{ shipping }}<br />
    Tax: {{ tax }}<br />
    Grand Total: {{ total }}</p>
  {{ endif }}
{{ /bison:order_details }}
~~~

{{ /noparse }}