---
title: Order items
---
{{ noparse }}

Loops through the items in an order and allows you to filter with conditions.

    {{ bison:order_details }}

### Parameters

`order`
: Specify the URL of the order.   
Required. Also available as `url`.
 
`conditions`
: Allows you to perform basic filtering.  
Field and value should be separated by a colon `:` and you can specify multiple conditions by pipe `|` delimiting them. eg. `conditions="url:/products/my-product|size:large"`

### Variables

`title`
: The title of your product’s entry.  

`url`
: URL of the product’s entry.  

`quantity`
: How many had been purchased.  

`price`
: Price of the item with any price modifiers applied.  

`subtotal`
: The line total. (price x quantity)  

`entry`
: This gives you access to any of the product entry’s fields.
You could access a field named `sku` by using `entry.sku`.  

`item_option`
: If the purchased product had a product modifier applied, this will return the name of it.  

`item_option_modifier`
: If the purchased product had a product modifier applied, this will return the price modifier dollar value.  

`product_price`
: This will return the base price of the product.  

`index`
: The iteration of the product in the cart.  

`zero_index`
: The zero-based index.  

`first`
: Returns true if it is the first item.  

`last`
: Returns true if it is the last item.  

`total_results`
: Total items in the order.  

Customer data
:   You can output any of the standard customer data fields captured at or before checkout.

    * `{{ first_name }}`
    * `{{ last_name }}`
    * `{{ email }}`
    * `{{ billing_address }}`
    * `{{ billing_address2 }}`
    * `{{ billing_city }}`
    * `{{ billing_state }}`
    * `{{ billing_zip }}`
    * `{{ billing_country }}`
    * `{{ shipping_first_name }}`
    * `{{ shipping_last_name }}`
    * `{{ shipping_address }}`
    * `{{ shipping_address2 }}`
    * `{{ shipping_city }}`
    * `{{ shipping_state }}`
    * `{{ shipping_zip }}`
    * `{{ shipping_country }}`

### Example
This will output all the items of a specific order that is for a specific product url.
~~~
{{ bison:order_items order="{ url }" conditions="url:/products/my-product" }}
    <li>{{ quantity }} x {{ title }} at {{ price }}/each = {{ subtotal }}</li>
{{ /bison:order_items }}
~~~

{{ /noparse }}