---
title: Update cart form
---
{{ noparse }}

Outputs a form for updating the contents of your cart. You can update the quantities of multiple items at once or remove them.

### Parameters

`return`
: The URL you'd like to redirect to once the form is submitted. By default, it'll return to the same page.

`attr`
: Allows you to set any number of HTML attributes on the `<form>` tag. Attribute and value should be separated by a colon `:` and you can specify multiple attributes by pipe `|` delimiting them.  
eg. `attr="class:my-form|data-this:that"`

### Variables
`title`
: The title of your product's entry.

`url`
: URL of the product's entry.

`quantity`
: How many have been added to the cart.

`price`
: Price of the item with any price modifiers applied.

`subtotal`
: The line total. (price x quantity)

`entry`
: This gives you access to any of the product entry's fields. You could access a field named `sku` by using `entry.sku`

`item_option`
: If the product in the cart has a product modifier applied, this will return the name of it.

`item_option_modifier`
: If the product in the cart has a product modifier applied, this will return the price modifier dollar value.

`product_price`
: This will return the base price of the product.

`count`
: The iteration of the product in the cart.

`index`
: Same as `count`.

`zero_index`
: The zero-based index/count.

`first`
: Returns true if it is the first item.

`last`
: Returns true if it is the last item.

`total_results`
: Total items in the cart.

### Fields
The fields you use will need to have the item row index inside the brackets of the field name.

* `quantity[item_index]`
* `remove[item_index]`

### Example
~~~
{{ bison:update_cart_form }}
  {{ if first }}
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td>Product</td>
      <td>Quantity</td>
      <td>Subtotal</td>
      <td>Remove</td>
  {{ endif }}
    <tr>
      <td>{{ title }}</td>
      <td><input type="number" name="quantity[{{ zero_index }}]" value="{{ quantity }}" /></td>
      <td>{{ subtotal }}</td>
      <td><input type="checkbox" name="remove[{{ zero_index }}]" value="yes" /> Remove?</td>
    </tr>
  {{ if last }}
  </table>
  <input type="submit" value="Update" />
  {{ endif }}
{{ /bison:update_cart_form }}
~~~

{{ /noparse }}